DOC-15628: Product Change- PR #158527 - sqlstats: flush ingester buffer if above max statements per txn (#22072)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/_includes/v26.1/ui/transaction-details.md

- **Latest Execution ID**: The ID of the latest transaction execution. To display the [details of the transaction execution]({{ link_prefix }}ui-insights-page.html#transaction-execution-details), click the ID.

The **Statements Fingerprints** table displays the statement fingerprints of all the statements in the transaction. To display the [details of a statement fingerprint]({{ page_prefix }}statements-page.html#statement-fingerprint-page), click a statement fingerprint.

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}

> Statement statistics in the **Statements Fingerprints** table are inaccurate when a transaction includes a large number of statements.

Reviewer: I think "inaccurate" is the wrong word here. The only impact this has is that the `statement fingerprints for this transaction` table on the transaction details page will only ever show a max of 10,000 statement stats. The overall transaction stats (Transaction resource usage) remain unaffected and will still aggregate stats for all statements executed in the transaction.

> Statement statistics in the **Statements Fingerprints** table are inaccurate when a transaction includes a large number of statements.

Reviewer 2: Is it possible to qualify what a "large number" is, i.e., a correlation between number of statements and > 100k statement statistics? (It's not 1:1, is it?) Otherwise, this seems like quite a blanket warning.

```suggestion
Statement statistics in the **Statement Fingerprints** table are not accurate when a transaction includes a large number of statements.
```

Author: updated
